fix: Add missing documentation for RTCDTMFSender.canInsertDTMF (#33952)
mdn/content: files/en-us/web/api/rtcdtmfsender/caninsertdtmf/index.md

---
title: "RTCDTMFSender: canInsertDTMF property"
short-title: canInsertDTMF

> slug: Web/API/RTCDTMFSender/caninsertdtmf

Reviewer: ```suggestion
slug: Web/API/RTCDTMFSender/canInsertDTMF
```

page-type: web-api-instance-property
browser-compat: api.RTCDTMFSender.canInsertDTMF
---

{{APIRef("WebRTC")}}

> The {{domxref("RTCDTMFSender")}} interface's `canInsertDTMF` property is a read-only boolean value which indicates whether the `RTCDTMFSender` is capable of sending DTMF tones over the {{domxref("RTCPeerConnection")}}.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
The **`canInsertDTMF`** read-only property of the  {{domxref("RTCDTMFSender")}} interface returns a boolean value which indicates whether the `RTCDTMFSender` is capable of sending DTMF tones over the {{domxref("RTCPeerConnection")}}.
```
